Add contributing guideline and code of conduct (#110)
AppSecure-nrw/security-belts: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

## Contributing Feedback

> In order to continuously improve the Security Belts model, we appreciate any kind of feedback, you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to continuously improve the Security Belts model, we appreciate any kind of feedback. You can:
```

- Fill out our surveys for the <a href="https://www.surveymonkey.de/r/MC6JQR2">methodology</a>, <a href="https://www.surveymonkey.de/r/MJWT29X">belts</a> and <a href="https://www.surveymonkey.de/r/MNWNVRB">belt activities</a>.
- Create a [new issue](https://github.com/AppSecure-nrw/security-belts/issues/new/choose) expressing your concerns and suggestions.
- Email us at security-belts@iem.fraunhofer.de.

## Contributing Content

> - Create a new Pull Request, based on the **master** branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new Pull Request based on the **master** branch.
```

> - Please let us know if you plan to work on an open issue (e.g., comment in the issue). This way we can make sure redundant work is avoided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please let us know if you plan to work on an open issue (e.g., make a comment in the issue). This way, we can avoid redundant work.
```
